     Once upon a time, in a faraway kingdom, there was a sickness in the land. The king’s sister, who
was loved by all, was one of the many who became ill, and much to the sorrow of the kingdom, she
passed away. She had a son, whom the king adored, but who had not yet begun working on a trade,
so the king decided to take him under his wing.

The king summoned him into the throne room and told him:

     ‘You are growing older, and have still not decided what you are going to do with your life. It is time
     you learned a trade of some sort, and here, today, I have summoned the Captain of the Guard and a
     talented Minstrel of the King’s court for you to talk to. See if you would like to study under one of them.
     If so, you can become something great, but if you do not find something to do here, you will have to
     leave and make a living elsewhere, so let me know your decision by the end of the day.’

And with that the king dismissed him from his presence.

     The boy went to the Minstrel, who showed him a flute and a lyre. He told him about what a minstrel’s
life was like-- attending parties and events and providing entertainment for the king. He offered to teach
him the lyre.

     The boy went to the Captain of the Guard, who showed him his sword and shield. He demonstrated some of
the basic training techniques, and spoke of the glory that came with being a knight and defending the kingdom.
Then he told him if he trained hard, he could join the forces to fight for the king.

     The boy went to the Minstrel, who showed him a flute and a lyre. He told him about what a minstrel’s
life was like-- attending parties and events and providing entertainment for the king. He offered to teach
him the lyre.

     After thinking about it for a little while, the boy decided that the life of a minstrel sounded like the life he
would like to have, so he went to the king and told him he would like to be a minstrel. The king
congratulated him on his decision and welcomed him into his court.

The End.

